<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                template="./resources/templates/home-template.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="htmlHead">
        <title>Partners in Reading - Home</title>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="content">
        <div id="homePage" style="height: 645px; padding-left: 145px;">
            <center>
                <div>
                    Click <b>REGISTER</b> on the left side of your screen to register and participate in Partners in Reading
                </div>
            <h2>Partners in Reading</h2>
            Each semester, pairs of kids and college students <b>meet once a week for forty-five to sixty minutes</b> to read and
            <br/>
            enjoy the library together.
            Sign up for the program whether your kids are great readers or need a little extra help.
            <br/>
            The goal is to encourage kids to be lifelong users and lovers of reading and the library.
            <br/><br/>
            We strive to make the program <b>fun, exciting,</b> and something kids and college students look forward to coming to week after week.
            <br/><br/>
 
            During a typical session, partners pick out books together and then <b>read aloud to each other for half an hour,</b>
            <br/>
            then are encouraged to <b>explore</b> other activities in the library— challenge each other to a board game, put on a
            <br/>
            puppet show in our Discovery Room, build with blocks in our Book Nook, or check out some of our tech toys.
            <br/>
            In addition to reading and checking out activities in the library, partners are also encouraged to <b>complete a Reading
            <br/>
            Challenge</b>— ten specific genres or activities for partners to complete during each semester. Along the way,
            <br/>
            partners receive prizes for reading through the genres, checking out our online resources, searching for clues on a
            <br/>
            scavenger hunt, or using the catalog to solve literary riddles.
            <br/><br/> 
            Children in <b>1st through 6th grades</b> are welcome to participate in fall and spring sessions. In the spring,
            <br/>
            <b>kindergartners</b> are welcome to join in, too!
            <br/><br/>
            Meeting times are flexible! Participants may select any 45 minute sessions on <b>Mondays through Thursdays
            <br/>
            from 3:30 through 8:00 pm.</b>
            <br/>
            We try really hard to match every child that signs up for the program. We hope you’ll understand that the number
            <br/>
            of kids matched
            <br/>
            depends on the number of college students that register – and vice versa!
            <br/><br/>
            Our volunteers come from a wide variety of majors and bring a great mix of experience to the program.
            <br/>
            Each volunteer will participate in an <b>orientation session</b> before starting the program and must undergo a
            <br/>
            criminal background screen.
            </center>
            
            <p style="font-size: 11px; margin-top: 50px">
                <b><u>For More information</u></b><br/>
                Please contact Lyndsey Carney with any questions.<br/>
                Lyndsey Carney<br/>
                Partners in Reading Coordinator<br/>
                (309)454-4668<br/>
                <a href="mailto:lcarney@normalpl.org">lcarney@normalpl.org</a><br/>
            </p>
        </div>
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>
